sau
made from russia ask how you feel
about the war in ukraine
this is
your country on the floor on my country should
be this position my skin nina
zhukova shrugged think to yourself at least you are
belarusian
he shows me russia just
then it turns out preparing to attack
them with your ears it’s not good for what  it’s possible and in
Ukrainian in Ukrainian memory,
we decided to take a
look at it, it’s just that we have
Lukashenka there in the new there threatens to collect
Nikita’s troops, how do you
feel about that,
well, how mimers of Russia also don’t believe she
will attack you
, so if you are thrown  you
will have to and
so you think another wound will turn out like
this
they say I forgot you
andrey pop it is
now dressed to release this look from by
david killers andrey popov
as for
andrey andrey type like andrey but in
ukrainian andrey and in
russian letters papik ukrainian is an attempt to be read
so dad of
course  I understand that I was proud of not so
crappy the order is not here, I believe I wandered
better, which means you can say one thing  m
someone about interprets a friend for us
nrc how it
just works out for us how our people
know from so many what it is built from and
if the Belarusians climb here then
it will crumble them no less than the Hunnic
load as the columns came in and saw
these vids
important then this stone or geth
hospitalized deceived by the usa what
kind of troops
[music]
aircraft such 7 thousand sky 3 dry
no one remember bright 30 subscribe
to the Chernobyl zone
[music]
it was Chernobaevka you know in ukraine
there is an airfield russians sent
your helicopters there banged russian again
pointed to 6 groups of it, it is our plan,
only Russian simplicity will be delivered, it’s clear
that they don’t want to fly helicopters
[laugh]
many Russians you with whom they
need a bird there, howling, leaned out a certain field
, they treat us courageously,
but one with yours from your territory, the
Russians
just have you  they
went to rallies there now they want no one to
go anywhere and are afraid
there is no
[music]
help again you get used to the estimate  and the shine
will be there without us whalers
imitate it went wide
open in Belarus and our low ones don’t see
two and prettier types this cadet is
shorter everything will be fine quietly doesn’t
hide everything the well I’ll
freeze nafig karate-do you’re just
one thing when, for example, in your country
you attacked, you defend yourself there, at least it’s understandable
for the pain, it’s clear why you’re so bun,
it’s always like to get in for the whole
load, a sigh came in, like, didn’t go to
Hannah, moved, like there was a breakdown, they saw how
our Carol is here, that he communicates with prisoners
that he won’t allow mother
calls mother
there are no fascists  here people are normal
[music]
on TV against ukraine,
I’ll show you
how funny it is to paint your mine all of a sudden
by greaves told that
Russian positions on Russian we can
this is
happening this is a few of our
Belgorod region to is pressed
expensive everything is absolutely because they
attack us of course ours  makes
sabotage of them not the territory is normal
and
if the white handles the troops there will be so
very va  pouring on
belarus should not support their
boris in this ask to sell their
territories for attacks on ukraine you
shelling from its territory did
airspace
cornflower pimples
buy
them they us this is something 1 i would say of
course something that didn’t take doctors about a
greater degree  we have a state - it’s a
chestnut to agents you
just fall in the rain,
we all hope for yours to fall apart soon,
it’s already considered everyone thought there Russia is the
second army of the world,
however,
you Dima come to the old equipment, the
Americans are generally shocked here and thought
there are new ones there now  there tanks are driven on them in a
shorter way there of the 20th century it is
shorter than iron which would
not allow such acquaintances to fight on the street happiness in
warehouses hurt even more
humiliating there is no campaign on paper in
parades it was like our entire player
for organs shortcomings still whiskey tablets
corrected
and how  If you don’t let any of those talk in vain, it’s
like a
cave is a new technique, like aliens,
everyone speaks in a non-structure in front of it  e video
would be
mud and why kudrin tank type
dragged there is a technique like us and
feeling you teach petir petir here I won’t
die in this coating these are like one
normal
[music]
when the Russians start we don’t have us nor we have
n’t even started to fight it can
only  large groups, 33
Syrian military models, they have not yet begun
to fight
inside 7001, you are a whole city of
tackers, and the most interesting thing is that
many Russians have a snowflake and don’t feel sorry for
their own, they will still die where they don’t
consider
giving birth,
take care of the guns of the soldiers, the women still give birth
at times was when  -something they have and the
Beria of the empire, she wants to
capture new peoples and with the help of
these new mirons captures even new ones,
just as once there were pumps
saer to Belarusians Klintsy Russia threw Afghanistan
to fight for the sake of what, for the sake of someone of the
then Kremlin appearance, it
’s good that  you are not in the mood
to fight in ukraine it is very cool the mustache is not
so
preserved let your mothers do not
worry you are going through it you don’t
need them
our well decided jeans well everything let's go happily home the Russian military along the ladder to the figure of the cadet's garden until it ticked softly and how people can see whether they are or a person russia types of blockades in Kyiv sadness to the world so it's easy of course echelons to stick in there so and tell everyone about them to give him on the counter as best I could, I still don’t think the Belarusian people are risky for her brush and in Austria straight sheets to Ukraine, although it’s over the discount to write off the tops in court and the view of ice cream because these all sorts of things at Monica dispersed her specifics dispersed the demonstrators so with particular cruelty panel let the white Don people find the world of kuan pique of rus and a tonometer would write them off the floor of the mouth virtual alo troya question avatar for belarus in prusova you think you are still not in your mouth an explosion, after all, think and fish from this ukraine so Belarusians are sitting in belarus and it is not power to you no need this is not your war russia wants to use you as pawns like vodka on you if you don't have enough meat and you need to  sh name in order to
throw
Ukrainian positions with this meat, therefore, it correctly
sabotages and
even in the conversation of the book do not support the
war in Ukraine and
this infection will leave your land, too,
what will leave our
glory to Ukraine